A lot of people around the world enjoy jogging.
Jogging means running slowly, but it is still faster than walking.
In the mornings and evenings you can see people jogging in parks or along city streets.
Jogging is cheaper than many sports.
To start, just get some comfortable sports clothes and good running shoes.
I enjoy jogging with my friends, Tommy and Anna.
In the early mornings we often go jogging in the park.
Then we are ready for school.
At weekends we sometimes go jogging in the countryside.
It is more fun than jogging in the city and we feel good in the fresh air.
The more you go jogging, the healthier you will feel.
Just try it.